"May 1, 1895" "Fine bright morning, wind high from the East. Temperature 52 degrees. Drove to town with Rodger to buy [munchies]  in the town. Called to see D. Regan about hay but he was away. Bought ledger ties and other things. At Robinson & Little for which Paid Hannan a letter for which I have them £6.4.0. Also prepared two drafts payable to Robson for the manager £928.0.0.8/15.15 and forwarded them to Robert, Wills Inspector. Will check of revenue expenditures to May 1/95. £5.5. Dr. Burke at court all day in the Dunn case but not yet called. The inspector has not come yet. Spoke to assess and about the vacancy at Granham. He is going to look after it himself next meeting. Possibly if it will be a benefit to him. Louis has a large family running land out the front of the ground."

"May 2, 1895" "This is a beautiful morning. The warmth of the sun is very pleasant though the wind from the East is not high. Temperature 56 degrees. Did not go to town this morning as I learned that the inspector & Mr. Tully were staying at the Tenants and saw them today and as Dr. Burke was attending court in the Dunn case. I came here. Dr. Burke Inspector Mr. Kelly & self went rounds and saw the airy cowsheds Main & North Buildings, the stables, they are middle and had it out with him as the use of horse stables, and he was begged us to completely did not know what to do. I met all afternoon when Mr. Tully left this evening. Explains a/cs and dealing and go them that were the favor until Inspectors came numerous both in Harriets and Phillips College. Took dinner & tea at Dr. Burke’s with inspector. Mr. Ralph Reid, A.B. of London came up in the evening. Much engaged & through explaining the General Assembly Pamphett on whose page meet in June and giving them an afferpersonat and went home at 10 o'clock and read."

"May 3, 1895" "Raining most gently, the very thing we require at this time. So nice to read. Temperature 58 degrees. Wind S.E. Did not go to town as the inspector being here remained with him a greater portion of the forenoon afternoon and went over various items as flower stakes and other matters same inspector box of flowers stake away with him and interview interesting. Counsel with inspector was exceedingly pleasant & satisfactory. He approved of the change proposed in the number of attendants in the stated dining room. And, having the present one turned into a reading & reception room for students use. Inspector left by 4.30 train for Dorlot. Worked in the office after he left and went home 6.45. Sat out on lawn after tea and Rumin went to bed at 12 o'clock. A pleasant evening."

"May 4, 1895" "Beautiful warm morning. Wind S.W. temperature 62 degrees. The leaves seem to be jumping fresh through the very tender even after the usual quantity of rain that fell yesterday morning. Drove to town and took Celia with me. Met Mr. Regan in town and went with him to Supperian's and purchased 2 glasses and lunch stand 2 toilet boxes at Stepps the glasses were stayed 1/4 each and toilet boxes 3 each. Then visited places with Dr. Keirnan there he purchased 2 pairs of running taps £6.0.0 and I got one of the same. Purchased a dilating of other things for dinner also called at Josephsons John. The same patterns of earthen or tin's with Mr. Day has come up manufacture 9 factory and am suffering from Rheumatism. Special practice this forenoon in chapel. I have been working in office after that partly 3.15. The rest at Dr. Burke's house for dinner this evening and played nine rubbers. Points 22 & 10; Breuce 6 & 18, we were Scott's absence from dinner but present supper eating 10.50 and had a pleasant chat after with some labor of flower salivates and went to bed at 12 o'clock. A pleasant evening."

"May 5, 1895" "Fine morning. Cloudy & very warm. Looks like rain. Temperature 70 degrees. Service held by Aunt - Rev. Mr. Robinson. In the Presbyterian Church held service this morning. He is a young man with quite a Scotch accent, which I rather like. But he is not much of a preacher. Did not go to church this morning. Took a walk out to the Green house. Burke drove to town. Dinner same friend from the north. Then I went home and rested myself. It was so very warm and oppressive and had a sleep before dinner nothing particular occurred during the afternoon. In the evening went to church & Mr. Berry preached an Idea the Baptist after service called in to W. Ellis and had a cigar and glass of Gunipule and went home. Sat out on the verandah until 10.00 or 10.30 and read, the moon came out with no eclipse until the weather for the night."

"May 6, 1895" "Beautiful morning quite warm there is a nice cool breeze temperature 68 wind S.W. Drove to town this morning and called on S. Robb who requested to have W. Skinner & R. Rendall's work upon the luncheon to be put up this summer. Gave Dr. Burke the names which he has taken a note of. Called at Bombay Commerce and got the Reach books. Did not go to town this afternoon been very hot and I fell asleep in the office. Nearly all afternoon temperature about 5.50 and remained at home all evening. George did not come to dinner, the boys were home. Celia suffering with a bad cough. Dr. Beemer came over in the evening and remained for an hour or so. On his shins from seeing John Glen. Read all the evening Hartley Carnicheal's new novel Roba Ghowtrain & very good. Was ready to bed at 11.15."

"May 7, 1895" "A tremendous thunder storm broke over the city & vicinity this morning at 6.30 and rain fell in torrents, which was very much needed. Temperature 68 degrees wind E. Drove to town with Celia this morning when it cleared up. I wanted to buy some Potatoes and ordered 45 to 50 bushels from Keith and 20 bushels of seed potatoes from Lace. John Watson of New York, Mr. Tanton was away. Drove the leader for supplies up in office. Wrote and came across Laurence with the Roch 10.8 fell. X. received by order of same - a tremendous cell. A number of flashes of lightning was heard at 8.45 this evening. So was going home over celled & got such a large cloud. Wood McGrammy layon that had been struck by light flash and killed instantly. I wrote out my parents. I have not finished Alex & Tenny Conrachean's work "Roots in Sproton" and am much pleased with it. Evening storms reading all evening and Rumin have called in with some Rallup and Andrews get glad unite Boeback - became cooler in the evening."

"May 8, 1895" "A damp foggy morning. A disagreeable temperature 62 degrees wind S.W. Drove to town with Celia this morning. Jane Carniveo & Laurence a talking to got shawl. Bought some cloth at Robinson Latter to make coats & vests for the fall and see my return Dr. Burke & Stirling were waiting bread inspection letter with reference to numbers increase which was going to give this of his book. I went to Reid Guardant when he would leave Montreal for Brock to meet Mr. Ruming to call on Relfshaw by the matters Stirling men. See S. A Robb, worked all afternoon in the office, and went home 5.45. In the evening called Whisk at Dr. Burke's house with Mr. Johnston of Kler the who does not stay by and means led Jane & Burke. 13 East 1.1x. Rumin & 1.8.R. went home 11.30. Taking a glass of Salavary & feeling very warm 90º. Went to bed."

"May 9, 1895" "Beautiful clear morning steadily wind temperature 64 degrees all indications of being a warm day. Drove to town this morning with Celia had a shave and has been very pleasant. Bought a new pair of Japanese slippers at Houston's two cents each pair whole box. Letter to Inspector in answer of his ask help of the expenditures for 11 months of this year. My Material has got an apt. Said read June and July expenses £19.10.6 Claimed by Clayton club 10 Windsor saw 50% of the league and not all the rest & Dr. Harveurant. Dr. Burke read numbers letter on business call, he approved of both our capita obligations wants some further gun he forgot went some spoke to friends measures of the dinner. He must already written to Reid on the subject. Worked all afternoon in the office, everyone must go. Day Wlech at the senior club at Finished house. Dr. Beemer called during the evening he sat on the verandah and chatted about an hour. Engdits went to bed. Conclusion to bed. The evening & Rumin Celled about large numbers of readings on a tund. Had acquired them 11.15 o'clock. Sleepy & tired."

"May 10, 1895" "Beautiful clear bright morning, nice cool temperature 66 degrees, wind southerly. Drove to town this morning, took Rosie with me but did not remain long. Called at Jas. A. Fudeman's and purchased some potash 1/4, and a few volumes of Thackeray, and book of Eliza Lyall, and that new work of Corelli Barabbas. Called at bank and handed in my Book for Maintenace 76 took 4 entries needed. Rodger took a half day away from office. Jane, Mr. O’Brien & Co., busily at work all afternoon in the office went home 5.45 feeling exceedingly miserable have been suffering all the day with Rheumatism but as I had been hardly beaten & tired - remained at home all the evening took some Potassa Beidls and went to bed at 9.30 hoping for a good rest and sound peaceful sleep."

"May 11, 1895" "Dark morning, every indication of rain. Temperature 70 degrees, wind south. Drove to town this morning. Willie came with me. Bought some butter 6 lbs at Robson’s, same A. [presaged] 30 lbs & got a shave. Called at Jeeroom & Rob him not to do anything for me present, will be took malling for North building. Two Freeman & Adline in turn to store. Heavy fall of sleet followed by rain, quite unable this afternoon. J. M. and Beriecal called with Mr. Peeman and he wanted Beale a half section. I took my name. He seems a big the lash July Meec, Dr. Peeky to his use. Made a bargain that he was to take old charlie the garden horse and £47.30 cash value for worthless. Much troubled sleet as so much so and unable to move. He is worked all day practically got the horse for £42.50 that is one worth the money. Worked all afternoon in the office and went home 5.30 PM. Spent evening at Borks, played Whist Dr. Backs, Dr. Rachels, 5 Cds 10 Dr. Jhunson + 6, Dr. Beemer + 4/ Dr. S + 12. Beemer had a fine cards played until 11.30 and got tired out, went to bed until 12 o’clock. It commenced raining so heavily that we did not leave until nearly 12 o’clock & did not get to bed until 12.40 AM."

"May 12, 1895" "Dark cold morning. [nealies are shiver?]. Temperature 39 degrees, wind N.W. Mr. Harris, the Methodist Minister Centennial Church held service this morning. I Went to Church morning & evening this day. Rev. J. C. Farthing rector of Woodstock preached at both services. two very fine services [crossed out]. Sermons. I was much pleased with him. His delivery was fine, his voice good and he knows how to use it fine . if one could only have such preaching as that every Sunday. would not God's house be filled every service. That man has a great future before him, but work of Paul’s has some misfortune attached to it. Arthur came home & informed me that he was going to be married to Christina Cameron in July.  he can do as he likes. But I shall have nothing to do with her. To think any man of intelligence would marry so ignorant a woman. He must have gone very low in the scale of humanity, he can take his own course. He has chosen his path & let him take it.he has offended me in every  thing. He has been the only child who's caused me trouble. Came home after church& had a smoke and went to bed at 11:15. Feeling miserable."

"May 13, 1895" "Bright morning froze last night temperature 32 degrees, wind East. Drove to town this morning took Cecil with me. Met Dr. Moorbourne & had a long chat with him about St. Paul's Cathedral here. He was delighted with Rev. Mr. Taffing & wished so much that we had a man like him here, but he looked upon has hopeless while he seem was alive influence. Reid in fold handed his for School Commerce this morning went to dinner. J. P. Dr. Burche greeded by for home at noon to Dr. Lizzie returned from tea went at 7 well. I felt as I must go much the better of it. Dr. Meen left for Toronto 10 P.M. left a grand musty has been feeling miserable all day that boy Arthur has a fever and mind so much greatly relieved, his fever hardly can also remain lawn worked in office all afternoon, and evening went Dr. Burke drove for his new meeting this afternoon in the next post satch and acquainted around his evening and went home. Rumina called at this evening but got the tooth & delph. Went to bed at 12 o'clock."

"May 14, 1895" "Dark wet morning, got so cold & raw wind blowing from east temperature 40 actually feel the cold more than I did in winter. I fear the recent storm has ruined the prospect of good fruit harvest. Rain and showers alternately all day & was very raw & cold. Did not go to town worked at Johnson in the office and in the early part of afternoon. Had a band practice. This B was very pleasant spoke of June a good band this summer after practice Dr. Burke wanted Rees new relating to the letter explaining works about selection of books for library and to write a letter roughly to inspectors. Which I did on the monthly apo gu ready to be signed by Dr. Burke. Went home 5.40 this evening and rested myself, read for a while and went to bed 10 o'clock. Not feeling at all well having suffered all day from Rheumatism, Lizzie and Rumin went over the museum and ordered June Audubon 1o, a copy of Standard Dictionary for Miss Rees $12."

"May 15, 1895" "Bright clear morning, warmer than yesterday but still there is a sharp north easterly breeze temperature 42 degrees. Mr. O'Neill Vet surgeon drove a pair of dark bay horses for Dr. Burke & myself today, but they would not suit too heavy, slouchy fit only for ploughing. John Shaw called about the pumps and pipes and tools which he has for sale. Drove to town this morning called on Lee Keith who has took learning the wings but he gone up. Afterwards met with our sled Gees, Lee goes down. Attended to purchase of Apothecary articles as sights and they were paid, and out orders at Pumstons, but there was nothing with me, I had any visit of Rodson there as Pumstons. Many enclosed sent all right with inspector about the type he needs. A brazzy had so remarked Roughes £1200 and forwarded a/c for 3 large bails @ £5.8.2 and forwarded a/c for Express January with 2.9.0 I then in every projects after tea. Had much pain at 5.45 called & requires came June in the evening heard Gt the plays uplift was during the fall hopes. He is going to have it painted, and when done it will look very well indeed, inspector went down for albums, and went very wonts, and also reigning go to the number of the great employing."

"May 16, 1895" "Bright morning, heavy frost last night wind northerly temperature 44 degrees. Drove to town this morning and was connected with Dr. Burke about the lumber for the barn, shed & verandahs & Adits County and, I insisted on getting prices from Robinson & Drayes & Sons as suggested by the inspector and sent tender away for same. Got home and went home and called see Reid also S. A. Robb who read me a letter from Mr. Dryden about giving some trade to J. K. Rancer. I should be glad to do so as he is a very nice respectable fellow but both Reid & Robb, subject to some go worked in the office all day afternoon gave three power of $0.00 purchased some time for Aquilin Shafie. J. Ascot paid me £37.20 bails of 8 Decap 15/95. Ayman do send Cheque far £87.30 instead £180.80 in insulating role o which must be charged. Went home 5.40 and remained at home all evening feeling tired and went to bed at 11 o’clock."

"May 17, 1895" "Beautiful bright morning, heavy frost last night again temperature 44 degrees wind S. W. Drove to town this morning along Cecil was engaged with the flag staff. Went to the bank and Jones RedHead, bought myself for my own use 2 new lamps Manure £4.50. Then drove to C & Ayman do about the shoe Cheque £80.80 received all clear and done things by Express and left my name at the Room and walked at the Quicksir. Mr. Brice the agent. Dr. Mureen brought carriage upon a plate that count rev requires £80 difference between new and queen. He went cell and saw the Cleetaugh Stores, wages of which refund by Mr. Brue is our agreed to take £70 difference between height his. Wayps £70, bought read at cost both £8 closed. Did think that the new Queen is a league. John Gillson agreed to try off £100. Went day long tending for numbers for the cost of the done time. Mr. Lawson worked see afternoon in the office and wrote Alexander Anderson with reference to the press & George June issue £110 letter too copy."

"May 18, 1895" "Dark chilly morning looks very like rain temperature 48 degrees, wind S.W. Drove to town this morning took Willie in with me, he takes good use of the man while I am going round, he is a good little fellow, he seemed so pleased. I came to town with me. Rosie took her first Piano lesson from Mr. Bleithme this morning. I have arranged £20 for term. Any piano lessons. Received the ledger of numbers from Draycotes goods this forenoon. 6 lbs of butter from Rodson for my work also today. Band practice this afternoon, a very me attendance. Government have postponed the building or tender and day of Running, let have not decreased sold. Worked all afternoon in the office, went home 5.40 after tea came over with the traps and drove George & self to Dr. Burke's for whist, I was in very bad luck. Dr. Becket + 14 Cds, -32. Begour +22. Dr. B +40. Dr. I and it was raining so heavily that we did not leave until nearly 12 o'clock & did not get to bed until 12.40 AM."

"May 19, 1895"
"Dark dull morning, has been raining all night wind N.W. by west temperature 48 degrees. Mr. McPherson St. Audrey Church held services this morning. He is a pleasant speaker but from his sermon I felt more sympathy & not pain to grasp. There was nothing remarkable about the sermon, he evidently did not prepare it as he seemed to read roughly about he decided. Go to Church in the afternoons. The Rev. Dr. Burke was leaving for Boston by the noon train Mr. J. B. the sought to retain over only evening with reference to the roof. He done as I agreed, quickly caused to be called me to send fund for it arranged Corions school inspector see if Reedes entrusted to Gynunwilson to treasurer inspection for observance to Reedes funds. Spent the afternoon at the Greenhouse and arranged there in a short time and went home, remained at home all the day and had a good sleep. Rev. Dr. Osborne in the evening. Lem preached at the Greenhouse. Whist this evening had Sunday service for next Sunday. The 19th 3.3ft Rath and to be expected Bullery. Came home Curcela cigar and went to bed at 11.30."
May 20, 1895
Dark morning, still very chilly wind N.E. temperature 38 degrees. Drove to town on the mail waggon this morning, called on G. M. Reid and gave him one of our office orders to obtain a quotation, he gave me £10.10 per thousand. Called on Senator about my sick which did not fish. Bought from Jones Judgement £8. Lunis raised next Womack for the girl to play with £5 worth. Cecil got the flag staff up this afternoon and got on well, a grand improvement to the place. J. W. Craig wrote Bronson to Nelson, knew about the furniture, gothic they are all worn address's August. Two all the twenty one not yet in. The files took great times they began for Tennis lunch. George went 50 Brown, smoked a cigar read for a while & had a sleep, and went to bed at 11 o'clock. Dr. Reid went out to Dr. Buchan & did not get home until after 12 o'clock.
May 21, 1895
Beautiful clear morning, heavy frost last night, temperature 46 degrees, wind S.W. Drove to town this morning and called to see Reid as he telephoned to me that he had a letter from Hon. Mr. Gibson about fundling stating that he would arrange with the inspectors to give him what he required. Signed our lease, tender off $200 for papers that are from two to four inches thick. Jones Ludan Ferus and elective fund fine, ordered the amount of £9 to be paid, ordered new Bolton (Peter) & Bowmans, and by 10 days got the price been £18, by the houses of funds for the villages got up the work of Slaterton. Ordered new tables. Sp for furniture curptus to Waine painted prices although temporary intensely. Ordered box to copper scan, purchased ready binding thing for Mr. Callan. Mr. Henry at Purrio S. C’s gets best. Capt G.’s Standly. Called see Mr. A. Jofs who hoped to see me about a new mayor James 1st. Wilkinson inquired from College this morning at 10 o'clock. I forwarded type printed material to New York engraved on vellum, vanity of Phila. Delphia this morning. Postage 1/3 wants to The Girl play tennis this evening was very cold & kept inside & had to see the fence relied my safe and consulted our and ordered at 10 o'clock.
May 22, 1895
Beautiful clear morning, froze last night hard, temperature 42 degrees, wind westerly. Drove to town with Messuga this morning called on Senator about my tables, met W. P. Reid & Mr. Matthews Architects and went with them to see the building board for the Purshish at St. Paul’s. It is a fine piece of work and should be fit the bill. Joseph Ezra for Jews £635 for Rose 508, read full Annulan for Profit, and returned and worked all afternoon in office, and gave orders 500 as per drawers. W. Reid slept had letter talking about the reprints, had a good times. Made a good job of it and just it up again tried to cool, & can her feel. Surgeon and Reid letter from Dr. Burke want me as of Whitman, slept there was life in Philadelphia. Helped Cecil with the flag staff, Rumie came over and had a rough go went practice Indian Jobson to play evening. Went to bed 10 o'clock suffering from Rheumatism.
May 23, 1895
Beautiful clear morning, much warmer temperature 50 degrees, wind westerly. Drove to town this morning, had a long interview with George M. Reid and got a good shave from Archie Brickler. Called at Joe Gillems and got a tire which he had repaired, paid him $1.00 for repairing and cleaning watch. Finished the British Ensign for the first time. This evening ran the new flag staff. Mr. O'Bren calling in the store with Aquillon to spend two to fifty for enquiries. Gave Edward orders for some lumber and hardware, worked in office all the afternoon and went home at about 5.40. P. went to Pott Swann to church, Billings & Celia, laid up in bed tea long chat with Aline and about young Clayton in connection with St. Paul’s church. J. P. Deans St. Cummings were there but no flag until Mera orders upon round came. He is a fast freights fellow. Planned calls for him & Flag Day & Aquillon. Celia engaged George & Bogies to playing until I did not get to bed until 10 o'clock all.
May 24, 1895 (Queen's Birthday—Dominion)
Her Majesty's 76th Birth Day, long may she reign. Beautiful clear morning, temperature 60 degrees at 7:15 AM, wind westerly by south. Came to office and remained until 9:30 after having written some letters and done some business & Willie to town, took the 13th Lotte 38 Officers Rifle arriving but had a rough trip. Met Mr. C. C. Easley who drove in with us. I was 12 stone, kept the roof for carriages and we marched up there to the Fair Ground (Queen’s Park) and then went home, had dinner and afterwards walked the ground. Free the spot to only are the grounds as usual every of Governmentality shows nearly took before busy morning was made, such with the exception of the marching just and wiping the big chapels the whole, June was a fraud and the always more aborative. Came home at six o'clock and had tea and remained at home all evening. The supper was so late quickly of June to the troops this year affairs to be quite and suffering continues from Rheumatism, went to bed at 11.30 feeling tired and feeling very happy a long dreary day.
May 25, 1895
Beautiful clear morning feels as if we were going to have summer, temperature 58 degrees wind S.W. Drove to town & got Celia in with me and called at George Reid’s and decided to call & call Gibson office, Both June we got there and found that he had gone with his regiment to the review by Mr. J. P. G. and followed them and soon came up. While 36 years aged saw the toll with the plaque & guard and was bride’s June Mr. J. P. & we were held the 39th. We came up with him when he is himself and we had a chat on a business meeting with Reid & explained for that we had called & play one service to bring forward. Very sorry are to be missed a head of the forces and get up in town after a rush. Lieutenant Dwin frankly great lovely. Certainly after 1 o'clock, George brought up Willie and Celia only, drove again, get back in time for dinner. Ordered to a bris of Gregory Sec for Miss Bryson of Orkfan. Junnbuo Meighen & Co. called and finished this afternoon worked in the office and went home 5.40 and went home where I remained all the evening and read & rested and ordered write Waless for June & Miss Black. MMunday who has been on a visit arrived, hurried left at 4.30 this afternoon for Guelph.
May 26, 1895
Beautiful fresh morning everything looking lovely gone to the morning temperature 62 degrees, wind S.W. Rev. J. Page of London West held services here to-day. I went to St. Paul's this morning a fine gathering of the Military, 7.13, 60th Coy R. R. C. I. The Church crowded. Rev. J. F. Beatt preached a good sermon, the services went off well collection for Choir Boys £5. Call Gloover served & improved time. Self much pleased with the reception of all the service. Dr. Rennie to state him a son of James for Rev. Gibson, I saw & Geo during the Epiphany both seemed & Gunning in the Calvary evening. The Holy City the caption told Sermon tranquility to £5s. George went after Sermon, Murphy fair to meet Mr. French and I saw home and had a smoke and went to bed 10:30. I feel myself much George says, heavy as brain during the afternoon and was refreshing & quiet as good.
May 27, 1895
Dark chilly raw morning temperature 44 degrees wind N.W. Great change from yesterday. Rained during the night. Did not go to town this morning the weather was not inviting and I had nothing particular to do, worked in the office all the morning & afternoon except when at practice with the Band until ten o'clock. Wrote some letters to the Inspector with reference to the 8 ins duties, Statute fittings, J. W. Rogers & 39 Jefferson Ave called on me with letter from J. T. Robb about work as carpenter on the Barn &c. Also, Mr. Van two Landau not as all of some object, nothing can be done until Dr. Burke returns on Wednesday morning. Received a letter from Dr. Broke from Philadelphia. He was well & received the documents & the lemur which I sent him went home at 6 o'clock & remained at home all evening. Jane & Papa. Mr. Recher came over & played piece. Arthur came from Toronto. Lied & played against the Alerts Breach, went to bed at 11.30.
May 28, 1895
Fine bright morning froze heavily last night. Temperature 44 degrees, wind N.W. Drove to town on the mail waggon this morning. Done the new Colt with the double and little black Tony and he went well. Had a long chat with Geo W. Reid about the right to General Assembly. Party Ed. Mr. Vanstone called in the morning about a job as carpenter, during the tending repairing. Worked at in the office all day and wrote to Inspector that the Coke supply was exhausted. Only enough of Range Coal to do this week, went home 5.45. Found everyone away at the Base Ball Match. In the evening went & saw Isaacs Band took two of Henry with me and was one. Jones Dr. Buchan two daughters it was a very fine performance. Myres, it was Grand. Band struck was here a few years ago and gone could not go along with an attack of Laryngitis. Not at all well. Came home & had a smoke and went to bed at 10.30 feeling tired, was read until 12.30 by a book called Mursons as fine & long.
May 29, 1895
Fine warm morning, more like summer than any morning for some time. Temperature 62 degrees, wind S.W. Drove to town this morning on mail. Called to see Jim Daffield. He wanted to talk with me about the Governor the Inspector was going to push on to check the consumption of coal pay that he required this morning. Collected P 6E paid some $60 accounts. Col. Taylor & 8 Sat and called in. Met Mr. Alec and talking to take stock in the Landfalls building & having conversation. Also called to see Dr. Boome, Dr. Joyce threw in a poor of boys, large cares and, Marchant to pay $10.00 worth of get. G. M. Peckle to turned this evening from his boys to 7, it including into fresh pulled again fresh. He is tight again have lovely girls and family done as nice as himself very pleasant to spend he arranged, but they are utterly useful, & have got beyond themselves altogether brought about by the oldest daughter Clare. Went home about 5.45 and remained at home all evening eyes suffering and suffering myself Rheumatism, but read called to see the Rent Mrs. Robinson returned. They keep went to bed at 10.30 feeling unquiet from heat.














